#summary Describes the new features of vsftpdx compared to the original vsftpd.

Check out the [http://vsftpd.beasts.org/#features vsftpd homepage] for the inherited features.

===Database for virtual users===
  If the configuration option _sqlite_enable=YES_ is set, the server will handle 
  the users authentication during the login phase using a local SQLite database.
  The default name for this database is _site.db_. The included script _createdb.sh_
  can be used to create a new default database. (1)

===Log to database===
  If the configuration option _sqlite_log=YES_ is set, the server will write all log
  entries to the SQLite database (table _vsf_log_) instead of text files. (1)

===Stealth mode===
  If the configuration option _stealth_mode_enable=YES_ is set, the server will drop
  any incoming connection if the remote IP address does not match any IP mask in the
  database without any message to the client. (1)

===Cygwin support===
  Using [http://www.cygwin.com cygwin] it is now possible to run this version vsftpd
  on Windows too.

===Optional IPv6===
  To compile vsftpdx on cygwin and older UNIX systems which do not support IPv6 the
  new build option VSF_BUILD_IPV6 can be used to disable the IPv6 code.

===Ident check===
  Set the configuration option _ident_check_enable=YES_ to enable the ident checks
  (RFC 1413 compatible) during the login phase. (1)


(1) Requires SQLite support, which is enabled using the definition _#define VSF_BUILD_SQLITE_ in _builddefs.h_ during compile time.










